h1. Avataree

Ruby DSL for Gravatar profile and images.

h2. What is it?

Again I'll repeat that it's a "Ruby DSL for "Gravatar":http://en.gravatar.com profile and images."

h2. Getting Started

create a dependency in your Gemfile

@gem 'avataree'@

then run

@bundle install@

and you avataree will be up and running.

h2. How to use It

yeah that sound's a good question.

in your controller

for fetching gravatar image

@gravatar(email)@

here are options and there possible values:

| *Options* | *What value do they take* |
| :extension | extension of image to be fetched(default => jpg) |
| :secure | boolean to/not to use https scheme (default => false) |
| :s or :size | size of image (e.g 100x100) (default => 80x80) |
| :d or :default | default image to be used(e.g. 404, mm, identicon ..) |
| :f or :forcedefault | takes 'y' or 'n' as argument. always force to load default image |
| :r or :rating | image rating (e.g. g, pg, r, x) |

for fetching gravatar profile

@gravatar_profile(email)@

| *Options* | *What value do they take* |
| :secure | boolean to/not to use https scheme (default => false) |

h2. Credits

Credit for this gem goes to Gravatar team for making such a awesome application.

h2. More Info

For detailed info visit my blog "http://BagwanPankaj.com":http://bagwanpankaj.com

For more info write me at bagwanpankaj[at]gmail.com or me[at]bagwanpankaj.com

Copyright (c) 2010 Bagwan Pankaj: http://bagwanpankaj.com, released under the MIT license

h2. Contributing to avataree
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

h2. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 [Bagwan Pankaj]. See LICENSE.txt for further details.